hundreds of people have been taking part
in a pro peace rally on the streets of
Tel Aviv the demonstrators are calling
for an immediate end to the war in Gaza
it's been organized by standing together
a Grassroots organization including
Jewish and Palestinian Israeli citizens
our correspondent Sara kyat is at the
protest and asked standing together as
co-director what they hoped to
achieve we are moving from one city in
the other in Israel Palestinians cities
and Jewish cities in Israel and mixed
cities in this um demand of us to end
this war to achieve a ceasefire
agreement that will allow to bring back
the hostages the Israeli hostages from
Gaza and that will end the killing of
innocent people in Gaza we understand
that this way of Wars one war after the
other has achieved nothing it achieved
only destruction and death and more
hatred between the people and we are
here to say that only a way of Israeli
Palestinian peace ending the occup
achieving a reality of equality and
freedom and Independence to everyone on
this land only this will achieve
security to me as a Jewish Israeli
Citizen and we here to say that we are
combining our hands Palestinian citizens
of Israel and Jewish citizens of Israel
and only by working together we can
build the power in our society to also
change the society to also build what is
necessary to be a majority that demands
space here in Israel and Palestine and
who do you think is actually going to be
listening to this when polls in Israel
are showing that there's an overwhelming
support for uh the war in Gaza you
already had some people heckling you uh
just earlier saying shame on you we have
troops being killed what do you what how
much do you think you can achieve in
getting that message how will you
convince the masses uh for a political
solution moving forward away from the
deaths and destruction so we are growing
the movement is growing standing
together is a Grassroots uh Jewish
Palestinian movement in Israel that has
been growing since the war started
because of our message of alternative to
this war of Israeli Palestinian peace of
ending the occupation and we understand
that we cannot take the moral High
ground and lecture you know to people
and tell them no no no you're racist or
you're fascist no we need to talk about
also the interest of Israeli citizen to
end occupation to achieve security this
way of controlling millions of of people
millions of people that are not Israeli
citizens Palestinians living under the
occupation of Israel cannot bring us
security it can only bring us resistance
and violence and we see where it led
us well earlier on Thursday hundreds of
young Israelis attended another rally
near the knesset in West Jerusalem
demanding the government do more to
secure the return of captives being held
in
Gaza the protesters set out on a March
from Tel Aviv on Sunday Israel says that
mass is still holding 129 captives taken
on October the
7th while all this is happening on the
streets Israel's war cabinet has been
meeting muham Salu joins us now from
occupied East Jerusalem so as we say the
cabinet is meeting do we know anything
about the particular agenda for that
meeting Israel's war cabinet convening
this evening with a few items on the
agenda the first is actually discussions
for a katari proposal for a deal to
release Israeli captives in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners now the mosad
chief David Baria is said to be in this
meeting to discuss the details of that
proposal but also on the agenda what was
supposed to be discussed this evening
between prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his War cabinet they were
supposed to talk about what's going to
happen the day after the war as Israel
refers to it quote the day after Hamas
however there have been several
objections among netanyahu's own
Coalition within the government itself
to have these discussions and Israeli
media is now reporting that the Prime
Minister has succumbed to that pressure
and those discussions will not happen
just yet but it was previously reported
that these discussions were just
supposed to be preliminary and no
decisions were going to made there's
been Fierce opposition by members of the
far right specifically Ultra
nationalists within netanyahu's
government like bet smotr and itamar
benir who have been against some of
these policies that the war cabinet has
been maintaining throughout this
conflict SMR and benir are also not part
of the makeup of the war cabinet and
they had previously demanded to be part
of it because they had been objecting to
some of these decisions that Netanyahu
and other officials were making but
still they are not part of the war
cabinet but they are still part of
netanyahu's government Coalition and if
they left that Coalition it could
supposedly fall apart so there are a lot
of different pressures Netanyahu is
under but this evening there is internal
political pressure between him and his
own government H thanks very much indeed
for that
update
the